Add Documentation on "How to send spooled mails" (#1921)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Reference-CoreApi: Documentation/ApiOverview/Mail/Index.rst

*  Must not contain symlinks (important for environments with auto deployment)
*  Must not contain ``//``, ``..`` or ``\``

> Sending Spooled Mails
> --------------------
> To send the Spooled Mails you need to start the CLI Command once or install it as a Timed Cronjob.
> 
> .. code-block:: php
> 
>    vendor/bin/typo3cms mailer:spool:send
>    
> Alternatively launch them over a Scheduble Command Task.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sending spooled mails
---------------------

To send the spooled mails you need to run the following CLI command:

.. code-block:: bash

   vendor/bin/typo3 mailer:spool:send
   
This command can be set up to be run periodically using the TYPO3 Scheduler.
```
